Software Engineer - Coding Exercise
What do I need to submit?
Please generate a Ruby on Rails application that meets the conditions outlined in the next
section. You can use any third party libraries; we recommend using an existing XML parsing
library if you need to. We use the Nokogiri Gem.
We must be able to run your application so please provide any documentation necessary to
accomplish this as part of the project you submit. Please assume the reviewer has not executed
an application in your language/framework before when developing your documentation.
If possible, please use ruby version 3.2.2 and rails version 7.1.5 as that is what we run in
production.
How much time should I spend on this?
There is no time limit for the exercise. Out of respect for your time, we designed this exercise
with the intent that it should take you a few hours. Typically candidates spend 1-2 hours on this
but please take as much time as you need to complete the work.

What does it need to do?
As a programmer, I’d like to parse and map an XML file to an expected output given the format.
The XML file should be read from
https://drive.google.com/file/d/12Pj_dsaBsAvMIn8NSGmLY5RrdMzOkkSF/view?usp=sharing
and formatted to the expected format defined below. For each property in the feed, extract each
of the following values:
● property_id - Found at ./PropertyID/Identification/@IDValue
● name - Found at ./PropertyID/MarketingName
● email - Found at ./PropertyID/Email
Only add the property to the output if the property location is in Madison.
Your application should utilize rails scaffolding to include a “Property” model that inherits from
active record to store properties in the database. This scaffolding will also provide an “index” file
that will display all properties in the database. A "show" page should also be generated for use
during the interview session. Please include tailwindcss for styling by using a CDN (see:
https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation/play-cdn). Use your intuition for how the page should

look and feel.

Extra credit:
● Parse out the number of bedrooms ,
● Use docker compose to orchestrate containers for running your rails application and
your database
● Queue a background job (you can use Active Job for this) that fetches the feed file,
parses it, and loads the data.

Expected Format:

properties = [
{
property_id: <value>,
name: <value>,
email: <value>
},
...
]

How will this exercise be evaluated?
An engineer will review the code you submit. At a minimum they must be able to run the
program and the program must provide the expected results. You should provide any necessary
documentation, include a README with step-by-step instructions on setting up and running
your application (e.g., how to install dependencies, run migrations, start the server, execute the
rake task, and any commands needed to trigger the background job). While your solution
doesn’t need to be fully production ready, you are being evaluated so put your best foot forward.
During the next steps of the interview process we will build on top of this application. In one
session we will integrate large language models. In another, we will work on designing and
building a “show” page to display the information about the property.

What should I do if I have questions about the problem
statement?

For any requirements not specified via an example, use your best judgement to determine the
expected result.

2

How do I submit it?
Please provide a link to a public repository, such as GitHub or BitBucket or zip up the contents
in a zip file.